well howdy there internet people it's
beau again
so today we're going to talk about omaha
and logistics and leadership and taking
a walk when you need to
if you don't know the president of the
united states held a rally in omaha
in freezing temperatures
part of the logistics for this rally
included providing buses
to get from the parking area way over to
where the rally was being held and it
was a hike
well once the president had used these
people
gotten his photo op got the praise and
applause he feels he deserves
he left
and there were not enough buses to
return everybody
i want you to think about the
demographics that typically support
trump
they're older
he left a bunch of elderly people
outside
in freezing temperatures you know
normally when i say
that the establishment leaves the
working class out in the cold
it's figurative here it was literal
medics had to treat people for
hypothermia
this president cannot handle the
logistics of a rally
he certainly cannot handle the logistics
of running a country
as if we needed more evidence to support
this we have four years
of unmitigated failure to look back on
and i get it the thing is i know that
some of those people that were treated
they're still going to vote for him
they're going to find
some way to deflect blame but the
reality is
that was his show he was the leader
he's responsible even though this
president
accepts responsibility for nothing as he
has said
many times
i get it you want to defend your guy red
versus blue donkey versus elephant i got
it
put this in any other situation
let's say a bunch of elderly people
got left out in freezing temperatures by
a nursing home
who you blaming the bus driver middle
management
or the director of that nursing home
who's getting sued
when you realize that you hold
a school board or a nursing home
director
or whoever else you want to apply this
scenario to i mean let's be honest if
somebody did this with dogs
they'd probably get arrested
when you realize you hold those people
to a higher standard
than you hold the president of the
united states too
simply because he's a member of your
party
you should probably realize that maybe
your judgment has been skewed
by a team mentality the thing is
your team doesn't care about you
they will literally leave you behind
a good leader takes care of their people
a good leader if they realize that they
are a danger to the people that they are
entrusted with leading
well she'll take a walk happily singing
a song
and that story getting frozen was
symbolic
queen elsa showed
more leadership than the president of
the united states
it's probably time for this president to
take a walk
and in just a few short days you have
the opportunity to decide
whether or not his contract gets renewed
i think you need to cancel this show
that's what it is
it's a show there's no substance to it
there's no substance to this
administration at all it's a show
it's branding it's about ratings and
numbers
what can benefit him personally and it
doesn't matter who gets hurt in the
process
the man is not fit to run a carnival
and somehow he was able to con people
into letting him run the country
he's a national embarrassment
anyway it's just a thought y'all have a
good day